welcome to this week's episode of
goldfish PC on chalk TV today we're
using spinning gear with flies under a
strike indicator or float I'm gonna show
you how simple it is to get set up to
catch fishing like this with a simple
fly rod and a little float and what do
you got there Steve I think we've gone
pro right rogue perfect freshwater
fisheries Society of BC go fish BC on
saw TV with your host Brian Chan for the
freshwater fish we've decided in DC
stonefish BC is brought to you in part
by freshwater fish free society of BC
River City Marine and surplus this is
actually a mature female a lot of people
including ourselves have made mistakes
actually thinking this is a maiden fish
but if you take a look at it's a little
bit darker and the best and the vent is
is protruding yeah and that's that's
really to me a real clear sign of mature
fish and you can start to see the ribs
yeah so you know she's got eggs she's
gonna talk beautifully clean like they
clean until they enter the creek yeah
but I mean that's still a gorgeous fish
by anybody's knowing you understand it
so I'm just gonna let her go look at the
beautiful purple spots oh that's a
a beautiful block water okay all right
excellent
well this technique works right I think
it does I set my son up and all my kids
daughters as well up with this setup you
know like a seems a little tough for you
yeah yeah and boy you can sure they can
they can do very well with it I've had
my son old fish Mia yeah many times
fishing this way well I'm through a lot
while we're down here that's the school
what we've got set up he's got so a
little ultralight seven-foot spinning
rod and on this line we've got set up
with some braids yeah so the no stretch
braid for the line you've read mono i've
got mono on the other one it doesn't
matter one way or the other and then
we've rigged this one up with a slip
float and with the float that slides
free in the line and then further up the
line we've thread it on a little Robert
Ross it up where you can buy it this
portion yeah you get them with the float
so that float slides up the line and
then stops at the mom shaking it you
know just that not ever depth we're
fishing about 750 so we've got there's
our float in a stop and we got a swivel
I think one thing that's really
important is that float has to be small
it has to be sense yeah it's too big you
won't see that these are kind of these
are very sensitive Blackbird floats just
like a straight indicator now we got a
swivel and then our leader and you've
got for split shot on there don't pull
the float on there no and to the fly and
no so everything just sits in the water
and and the way you do your fishing very
similar the way we should fly all the
same say every bit as effective every
pitch is short so really this is like
you could for families to get started
it's but you can by spinning rod combos
very inexpensive absolutely don't need
to be in a bowl you can do this from
shops lately yeah a lot of the fish we
catch are pretty much anchored on shore
it can actually pretty sick from the end
of that door so far fly
some small split shot a swivel our
mainline going up to a slip float but
with the rubber stopper set up there you
are fishing and you're down there very
effectively fishing get her back out
there let's do her again freshwater
fisheries Society of BC Go Fish BC on
Shaw TV with your host Brian Chan from
the freshwater fisheries society of BC
don't HPC across to you in part by
freshwater fish free society of BC
rivers in marine and surplus rooms